== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialisation

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.

TODO:
Main Screen
==============
- Create new Payee if it does not exist in dropdown
- Setup screen
- Admin and Settings screen

Import Screen
==============
- Formats for Bank

- imported account transfer transactions shold be automatically reconciled

Budget Screen
=============
- Top level balances
- Separate credit card balances view


EDIT ACCOUNT
=============
- Edit payee on edit of account
- when non-active on edit then make payee non-active as well

Reconciliation
============
- Way of indicating that budget needs reconciliation
- Auto created are "not Cleared/reconciled"
- Helps to know what payments need to be made to the bank


Dashboard
=============
Months - Upcoming Events
Report - Todo's

Comments
=============
- Like TODO's

Create Account
=============
- Mortgage offset as a savings account

Reporting
===========
- Moneywiz reports / budget view
- Savings target % + graph of trend
---- =================52%
     =============35%
     ============================85%

Overall
=============
- check new income transaction
- check account transfer from import transfer screen. use the testimport.csv on desktop
- Filter Account and Payee drop down like in transaction
- REVIEW any reconciled transactions should not be deleted
- REVIEW end to end account balance flow for 2-4 months
- Any transactions edited or created should have transaction type attribute set. 
	- REVIEW: Check for edit transaction in account transactions
	- REVIEW: Also check in budget item transactions edit

Good to have
==============
- Feature - Interest free card and mortgage account balance reduction feature on payments
- Feature - Badges
- Feature - Transaction - Scheduled Transactions

- Transaction - Add payee option in new transaction screen
- Budget Item - Ability to create budget Items as well.
- Create Budget - Send scheduled transactions to accounts. 
				---- Create "on budget create" flag to schedule flag. Always uncleared
				
Refactor
--------
- active attribute in category is used for active as well as for differentiating system categories. Create another attribute called is_system to seperate the two concerns


DONE
==============
DONE - Income -> Weekly salary sheet
DONE - Budget Item -> Use flag to complete transaction. Helps to identify remaining expenses. 
DONE - Create Account -> Create Payee automatically
DONE - Create Account -> Create Budget Accounts for Current budget month as well if budget exists and if is_budget_account and if active
DONE - After create - Budget Account -> set opening balance
				-- get previous budgets opening balance plus current balance and set as opening balance
				-- if previous budget is null and no budgets with account prior to start of current budget date then use initial account balance
				-- else use opening balance plus current balance of last budget account found
DONE - After update - Budget Account -> update future budget accounts
				-- get all future budgets in order
				-- use "set opening balance" method above for all future budget accounts recursively
				-- update parent account balance
DONE - Credit Income to accounts (should happen automatically now. Only check required.)
DONE - Transactions - Refactor savings and expenses so that they act like account transfers with appropriate debits and credits from accounts and payees.
DONE - Transactions - now have to consider payee type and credit/debit accounts accordingly
DONE - Transactions - Fix list of transactions for each budget account. Calculations wrong and uncleared wrong and also the payee debit transactions are not shown
DONE - Transactions - Manual transactions should have the option of being cleared or uncleared
DONE - Import -Import summary screen with different budget summaries to assist with payments and categories
DONE - Reconciliation - Reconciled transactions cant be deleted
DONE - Transfer to account in CC import should have the account drop down disabled.